`name` in `label:classes` can be null (#8)
stac-extensions/label: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- `label:properties` as array needs at least one item

> - `name` in `label:classes` must be non-empty or null

Reviewer: I think this could be a bit more precise --

```suggestion
- `name` in `label:classes` must be non-empty for vector label items
- `name` in `label:classes` must be `null` for raster label items (#8)
```

Reviewer: Sorry for the two part review / 🧇-ing, I was too focused on the json schema and missed the changelog entry on first review
